additional language support program for
English was started and it was targeted
at low progress pupils who have
difficulties coping in the main class
through this program because learn it's
usually done in a small group setting
so ample opportunities are given to them
to really voice up your ideas and so on
I cannot make too much work there no
news I'll get the better than that well
she did my son last time he doesn't be
cousin really right on his own he has a
lot of problem in having understanding
yeah unable to read all of us after this
movement before them he really able to
read and his reading has really
progressed quite a lot this program is
useful because it first of all it really
builds up the self confidence in the
pupils gets them to really articulate
their ideas in proper sentences and also
encouraging them to speak in proper
English so the language aspect comes in
and of course the written aspect isn't
able to construct the sentence on their
own using the vocab and grammar that's
been covered in the class